javascript, typescript and react layers: linter option, next-error-function fix (#12207)
syl20bnr/spacemacs: layers/+lang/javascript/README.org

  ((js2-mode (javascript-backend . lsp)))
#+END_SRC

> When lsp set as backend if you don't want lsp as linter set variable =javascript-lsp-linter= to nil

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When =lsp= is set as the backend, but you don't want to use lsp as the linter, set the variable =javascript-lsp-linter= to =nil=.
```
